WHAT DOES IT guys it won't come back.
So now here is the main part.
That starts OK.
And that is that how can you accept payments to say OK so this is really very important today is just
please understand everything ok.
If you don't want to have a pay pal account make sure you get it because PayPal is the most important
thing that you should be having in your site.
And most people do pay from Babe bell because there might be some do not.
Some people do not provide their credit card information they just use bait bell.
That is a secure way.
And like that.
So it totally depends that if you wan to add that credit card option you can added but payable is the
most important thing.
So what you have to do you just basically need to sign up at pay Bella calm.
OK.
And after you sign up you just have to log in.
And then it will be good.
OK.
So let me just go to
I say my paypal account.
Let me log in and you can see that this is here.
I'm going to show you how can you just add a check and see that this is everything from my paypal account.
You have the profile right here and this is my business profile basically.
OK.
So make sure that you go ahead you create your account and make sure that you create your business account
here so that you you can accept payments.
OK.
And then you have to go to the products right here.
Move Commerce and then you have to go to settings.
OK.
And in the settings you have to go to the shipping OK.
I'm sorry.
Check out the check out section you have to pay Beldi daily.
So if I just go to Pay-Pal right now then here I have to enter the details so this is my e-mail address.
OK.
Advance options.
This will be my paypal receiver ETEO.
If you're mean Bill e-mail address defers from the bell e-mail and Duryea above in your mind receive
e-mail for your account.
This is used to validate Pinnacle's So this is my man.
OK.
And then I have a paypal identity token.
OK so you have to grab it from the Beeb itself and then we have the invoice prefix so you can just leave
it as it is.
OK.
You can you you can just use the B-ball standard one in there are not much necessary.
And they will be able to process the Fern's via people learn how to access your people.
So we don't want to process referrals directly from our commerce here.
OK.
We've on duty from our friends from there.
S. OK.
I would not recommend you to add it otherwise if in future your site gets compromised and there might
be some issues.
OK so make sure that you do not add anything here.
You just have to do it manually.
I would recommend you to do it manually.
OK.
So here we have everything.
But first what we have to do is that we need to test our payments.
OK.
And how are we going to do this.
We just have to go to this developer adopt people dot com.
OK.
And then we have to pay both sandbox can be used to test payments this sandbox will be used to test
our payments.
Accept payments and run on for a robust API is open the door for Apple and Android in mind whatever
the next vid this or a get up.
OK.
So you can see that make sure that you are here in the Belt make sure that you have your account in
the Baby Bell.
So if I just go to develop not people dot coms like applications you can see that here are my applications
that I have so I can create rest that I can create anything but what you have to do you have to sign
up at Pay-Pal for this.
And then you have to go to sandbox.
OK.
You have to go to sandbox account.
Basically so sandbox account will be used to test your payments OK.
So you can see that I have these type of sandbox account.
OK.
You will see none of the accounts so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to delete it.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to delete every account I'm going to hit delete.
You can see that and you will come here and you will see sandbox account.
So this is basically OK I can not delete it.
OK no problem.
OK so then you will see.
You will see only this one and this one.
These two accounts here.
So these are created by me to test my account.
OK so now here what you have to do in that count section and signing up and developing it up PayPal
dot com.
What we need to do is that we need to create account.
OK.
And then we have to enter it here.
We have to enable the sandbox and then we'll test the payment.
So let's just come here let's just create a account.
Okay.
And we need to create an account so I need to create an account and that will be many United States.
This is the personal Bira account and this is the business merchant account so I need the business merchant
account and this is going to be info info at the rate complete double p course outcome.
Okay.
So I'm just going to add it like this in full.
It is five complete double because stock.
So here I'm going to enter the password
and here I have to enter the first name.
So my first name is going to be.
OK.
This is optional so leave it.
Now we have a history here.
This is the payment method of payment method so we have the best balance is $5000.
OK we have the verified bank account and the VISA card is not the MasterCard.
So I'm just going to go ahead and going ahead create a count so you can see that my this account is
going to be created.
So once you are done with it you have to just come here and then you have to enter your email address
here.
OK let's wait till this is done.
I have to check it and then I have to come here.
I have to select as one info at es five complete W.P. course not calm.
OK this is done.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here I'm going to enter the same here.
So it's just come here.
Let's just face it.
And then what we have to do we have to just hit save changes and you can see that we will be done.
So you can see the belts understand customers should have paid well for the entire payment information.
Open requires force so you are able to a day to update order status after payment check system status
page for more details.
OK.
So you can click here and it's going to take you to the system so you can see that my account is also
created info at S-5 thought complete the course Stockham.
OK it seemed like this.
I want to add a personal account.
OK I want to come here.
I'm going to click here create an account and this will be the buyer account basically.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to enter the e-mail address.
This is going to be like test buyer and the read example dot com.
OK.
So here I want to add the court e-mail already exist buyers
the password here.
OK.
So now what I have to do I have to just enter the elbow and so I have this much.
This is the payment card and this is the personal by your account.
And then we have the Select the beamin guard to Pieman Garda's discover.
OK.
I'm just going to like MasterCard and I'm going to hit create account so you can see that my account
is going to be created right now.
And now we're going to test everything from here so you can see that this is Byars at XM dot com.
This is the e-mail address that we have and this is currently precessing.
So you have to wait till this is processed.
OK.
You can just create it you can just refresh it.
Any can see this is also completed.
OK.
The country is said to us I'm just going to come here and I am going to test our accounts.
So let's just come here and open everything in any way.
OK.
I want to go to S-5 the complete that will be core stock column.
And let's just go ahead and test our payments.
Everything
so if I just come here and I can also check my profile right here.
OK.
It's going to tell me that how much I have in my account.
You know so the notification for this.
OK.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to
OK this is the phone number.
This is it.
This is the these are the EPA credentials and these are the funding.
These are the settings.
OK.
So here you can also add the user name password and signature to just process reference.
Let me tell you what it is.
These two percent that he it.
So let's just come here and let's just click here let's just click here and let's just come here let's
just enter the password and let's add it here let's come here.
Let's copy this and let's paste it
so now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save changes.
OK.
I would not recommend it.
But you will just test it.
So let's just come here and let's test everything.
So I'm going to go down I want to buy this one so let's suppose.
OK.
I just come here.
It will take me to the vinter package.
OK.
I need this one.
And I want to hit it to court.
So this has been added to my card.
I'm going to check out OK.
I'm going I enter my details so this is going to be shot up 10
OK.
Let's just add the e-mail address.
This is going to be by yours at exampled dot com.
I'm going to create an account for this and I'm going to name it as this.
OK.
And now I have to just say this and I have to accept the terms and conditions and I will proceed to
be Bill.
So it's going to take me to that Pay-Pal and then it's going to get that he can see this will be a sandbox
and it'll tell me that this is a test.
Ding.
So it is taking me there.
You can see him on death's door.
This is right here and I have this buyer's example Larcom I'm going to enter their password and then
I'm going to hit log in.
So here you go.
You can see it says this.
It says I have read and agree.
And I'm going to agree and continue.
So you can see everything is totally up and running.
It is persisting and after the processing is done it's going to take me there and it's going to tell
me that my payment has been processed.
So here you go.
I'm being from BPL balance.
OK.
I'm going to hit paino
it gave an error.
OK.
OK so it did not work with this Kromer I don't know why it was giving the error.
Ok but then I just tried it.
This one right here.
The Internet Explorer you can see it says you paid for the 6.40 0 and you are a monster store.
And these are the details and everything is totally up and running.
If I just click and do more and it's going to take me back to the merchant account.
OK.
And you can see the Tay's order received it as Pay-Pal and everything is totally up and running.
OK so now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and now I'm going to go here and I'm going
to go to my profile right here and let's check our balance.
That how much balance we have for here.
So I'm going to I'm here I'm going to refresh Diskos my account is DIAK town is just logged out.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to log myself in again.
OK.
And then it's going to take it to the developer account.
So then we have to go to the sandbox and we have to view our profiles so that we can check if our if
we have received that payment.
OK so that was 25 so we should be having the 25 in this account right here.
OK.
So let's just come here let's just see if it works.
So I'm going to click here again
OK.
I don't know why it is taking so long.
It has some problem.
OK.
Yeah.
Here we go again see that.
Now I have to go to the settings right here.
The funding and you can see that my balance has been increased.
OK.
And this is how you going to see that everything is totally up and running.
So now if I just go to the Commerce and then the otter's itself then he will see this is right here.
This is currently in precessing because I have received the payment.
OK.
Now what I will do if I want to refund him back the amount that he says that everything is right here.
I can not edit this order.
OK but I want to refund this order.
The guy said that I didn't like your order and something like that.
I'm just going to refund and you can see it a friend of my own.
So I'm going to refund him all the amount so that is going to be 46.
OK.
So this will be a refund.
Why Paypal OK.
Reason for refund.
OK.
I'm going to hit refereing 46.
Are you sure you wish to persist in this action cannot be undone.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to ahead this because I want the refund so you can see
see if everything works because we have added the details and it should be work.
OK.
So you can see it says who have funded the amount.
And now let's come here let's get him here.
And a lottery for this to see everything is going up and running or not.
OK.
I want to come here.
I'm going to go to this one right here and let's see if we have got the credit back.
If the refund is processed already.
So I'm going to go to funding right now and he can see that our balance is totally right here.
So you can see that he firn is now totally up and working and just totally running.
So this is how you can go ahead.
You can just work for the Pay-Pal you can create your developer account and then you can enter your
information here.
I would not recommend you to go with this all these refund refund manually.
You have to under your own e-mail address here and everything will be totally up and running.
So you can see that now we have tested the BPL e-mail address in the next video.
I'm going to show you how can you move on and accept credit card payment.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.